add new override examples (#4154)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/storage/override.mdx

export const meta = {
  title: `Override Amplify-generated S3 and DynamoDB resources`,

>   description:

Reviewer: what's the reason for the new line here?

## Customize Amplify-generated S3 resources

Apply all the overrides in the `override(...)` function. For example to enable versioning on your S3 bucket:

```ts
import { AmplifyS3ResourceTemplate } from '@aws-amplify/cli-extensibility-helper';

export function override(resources: AmplifyS3ResourceTemplate) {
  resources.s3Bucket.versioningConfiguration = {
    status: 'Enabled'

>   };

Reviewer: semi-colon doesn't seem in line with other examples

Author: semi colon is required when adding a iam policy document

| [s3AuthPrivatePolicy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-iam-policy.html) | The IAM policy for authenticated users' write access to `private/*` prefix |
| [s3AuthUploadPolicy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-iam-policy.html) | The IAM policy for authenticated users' write access to `uploads/*` prefix |
| [s3AuthReadPolicy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-iam-policy.html) | The IAM policy for authenticated users' read access |
| [s3GuestPublicPolicy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-iam-policy.html) | The IAM policy for guest users' write access to `public/*` prefix |
| [s3GuestUploadPolicy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-iam-policy.html) | The IAM policy for guest users' write access to `uploads/*` prefix |
| [s3GuestReadPolicy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-iam-policy.html) | The IAM policy for guest users' read access |

<br />

> For example, to use storage override to update the S3 storage public Auth policy for S3 PUT and GET access, use the following example:

Reviewer: Can you be more granular here on what the updated policy does?

Author: not fully sure, add additional info

> For example if we want to use storage override to update S3 storage public Auth policy for S3 PUT and GET access, we can use the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, to use storage override to update the S3 storage public Auth policy for S3 PUT and GET access, use the following example:
```

> For example, to use storage override to update the S3 storage public Auth policy for S3 PUT and GET access while keeping existing policies, we can use the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can use `amplify override storage` to add additional PUT and GET access IAM policy statements to the S3 bucket's default public Auth policy:
```

```ts
import { AmplifyS3ResourceTemplate } from '@aws-amplify/cli-extensibility-helper';

export function override(resources: AmplifyS3ResourceTemplate) {
  resources.s3AuthPublicPolicy.policyDocument.Statement =  [
    ...resources.s3AuthPublicPolicy.policyDocument.Statement, 
    {
      Effect: "Allow",
      Action: [ "s3:PutObject","s3:PutObjectAcl","s3:GetObject"], 

>       Resource: "<ARN of the S3 resource>"

Reviewer: shouldn't I be able to reference the S3 resource through the `resources` variable?

Author: yes, the example here updates the existing policy by keep the existing statements and appending an inline policy.
